
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:24	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like MESSAGE_STATE_CHANGE
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like MESSAGE_DEVICE_NAME
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_CONNECT_DEVICE
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConnectedDeviceName
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConnectionHandler
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:51	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:187	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:260	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValid' (lines '260'-'266').
src/com/globalresolvewws/BaseScreen.java:260	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValid' (lines '260'-'270').
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:35	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:39	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:61	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'context'.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:61	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:61	Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:71	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:71	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:72	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:72	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:80	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:87	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:88	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:88	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:91	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:93	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:106	Parameter 'device' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:106	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:109	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:114	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:114	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:118	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:130	Parameter 'device' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:130	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:132	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:136	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:149	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:150	Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:162	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:176	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:179	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:193	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:194	Local variable 'bundle' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:207	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:219	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:223	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:236	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:238	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'socket' (lines '238'-'245').
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:238	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'socket' (lines '238'-'274').
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:245	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'socket' (lines '245'-'274').
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:254	Switch statements should have a default label
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:273	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:292	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:296	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:357	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:362	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/com/globalresolvewws/BluetoothConnectionHandler.java:382	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '382'-'400').
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:27	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:41	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:41	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:42	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_WEATHER_TABLE
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:42	Local variable 'CREATE_WEATHER_TABLE' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:53	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:53	Parameter 'db' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:53	Parameter 'newVersion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:53	Parameter 'oldVersion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:65	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:65	Local variable 'db' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:67	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:89	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:89	Local variable 'db' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:90	Local variable 'cursor' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:94	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:104	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:120	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/DatabaseHandler.java:125	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:47	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraDeviceAddress
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPairedDevicesArrayAdapter
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:54	Perhaps 'mPairedDevicesArrayAdapter' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNewDevicesArrayAdapter
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:58	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:58	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:69	Local variable 'scanButton' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:71	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:71	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:83	Local variable 'pairedListView' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like newDevicesListView
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:88	Local variable 'newDevicesListView' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:104	Local variable 'pairedDevices' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:107	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:113	Local variable 'noDevices' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:128	super should be called at the end of the method
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:137	Log.d calls should be protected by checking Config.LOGD first
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:157	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:157	Private field 'mDeviceClickListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:158	Avoid variables with short names like av
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:158	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:158	Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:158	Parameter 'arg3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:158	Parameter 'av' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/DeviceListActivity.java:178	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:32	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:39	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:41	Local variable 'requestCode' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:60	Local variable 'criteria' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:63	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:66	Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:78	Local variable 'mMarkerOptions' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:123	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:123	Parameter 'keyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:133	Parameter 'EndP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/MapScreen.java:133	Parameter 'StartP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:23	Parameter 'currentRisk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:31	Parameter 'adders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:39	Parameter 'subtractors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:48	Parameter 'alarmHigh' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:48	Parameter 'alarmHumid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:50	Avoid variables with short names like WS
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:50	Local variable 'WS' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:51	Local variable 'dayToConsider' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:77	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:79	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/RiskModel.java:81	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:18	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:18	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:23	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:29	Document empty method
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:32	Document empty method
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:36	Parameter 'atts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:36	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:36	Parameter 'qName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:36	Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:39	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:44	Local variable 'low' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:49	Local variable 'high' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:58	Local variable 'humid' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/ServiceHandler.java:59	Local variable 'humidval' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:25	Document empty constructor
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:37	Parameter 'humidity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:37	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:37	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:37	Parameter 'maxTemp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/Weather.java:37	Parameter 'minTemp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:27	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:27	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:31	Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:33	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'query' (lines '33'-'35').
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:41	Local variable 'urlObject' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:43	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:43	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:48	Avoid variables with short names like xr
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:48	Local variable 'xr' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:51	Local variable 'ourSpecialHandler' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:61	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:63	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/globalresolvewws/WeatherService.java:65	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:24	Perhaps 'mImageView' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:25	Perhaps 'mTextView' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:50	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:51	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BaseScreenTest.java:52	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConnectionHandler
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:28	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:29	Switch statements should have a default label
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:31	Switch statements should have a default label
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:55	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:56	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/BluetoothConnectionHandlerTest.java:57	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like db
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:18	JUnit 4 tests that set up tests should use the @Before annotation
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:30	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:31	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:37	Local variable 'testWeather' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:38	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:39	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:40	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:48	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:50	Local variable 'testWeather' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:58	Local variable 'allWeather' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:59	Local variable 'testWeather1' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:60	Local variable 'testWeather2' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/DatabaseHandlerTest.java:78	JUnit 4 tests that clean up tests should use the @After annotation
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.globalresolvewws'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like RM
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:17	Local variable 'RM' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:21	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:24	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/RiskModelTest.java:27	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.globalresolvewws'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.globalresolvewws'
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like WS
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:17	Local variable 'WS' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like al
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:18	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherServiceTest.java:19	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:14	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:14	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:15	Local variable 'weather1' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:15	The String literal "12:32:01" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 15
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:16	Local variable 'weather2' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:16	The String literal "01:23:75" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 16
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:17	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:18	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:21	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:22	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:23	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:30	Local variable 'weather1' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:31	Local variable 'weather2' could be declared final
src/com/globalresolvewws/test/WeatherTest.java:40	Local variable 'weather1' could be declared final